volvo would like to introduce you to the
EU funded research project pre dr c2x
the focus of the project has been to
secure validate and standardize
communications between vehicles
infrastructure and traffic management
centers we may achievements of pedacito
ex-mayor firstly the specification of
the architecture of common european
cooperative driving system there's one
unique feature and that is the beckett
integration which allows all of the
integration of commercial services in
this architecture and we did not just
specify the architecture we did also
built a system prototype based on this
architecture and this prototype is ready
now for field operational files then we
have developed an integrated simulation
tools at toolset that allows the
holistic approach towards assessing the
benefits of cooperative systems and so
it's not just a tool to assess the
traffic impact in another 12 SS safety
impact no it's a tool that allows to
address all three important aspects at
once the traffic impact the safety
impact and also in the environmental
aspects of cooperative systems Volvo
would like to introduce you to the
services developed by the partners
within the pre Drive c2x project
broken-down vehicles or other obstacles
on the roadside can constitute dangerous
situations if the drivers can be
provided with a warning dangerous
situations can be avoided this is called
the car breakdown warning service the
broken down vehicle broadcasts its
information to approaching vehicles the
broadcasted information from the
broken-down vehicle is received by the
surrounding vehicles the drivers see a
warning and can take measures to avoid
dangerous situations the green light
optimal speed advisory service uses
information sent from traffic lights to
advise the driver about the most
suitable speed to synchronize vehicles
approaching the traffic light with the
intervals of light changes if the
traffic light is red but is about to
change the driver might not have to stop
by optimizing the speed of vehicles
approaching a traffic light the traffic
flow will be smoother and throughput
will increase unnecessary accelerations
will also decrease leading to a decrease
in fuel consumption especially for
vehicles carrying heavy goods
the in-vehicle signage service informs
the driver about valid signs in the
current area it could for example be
speed limit signs or parking limitation
signs roadside units broadcast the
information about the road signs in the
vicinity the in vehicle signage service
shows the current signs on the
in-vehicle screen the service can also
monitor the vehicle speed and inform the
driver if they are speeding based on the
information from the road signs an
unintentionally speeding driver will
receive a warning and decrease their
speed the approaching emergency vehicle
will inform the surrounding vehicles and
roadside units about its presence when
an approaching emergency vehicle is
detected the driver is informed of the
direction and distance to the emergency
vehicle the driver can take actions if
necessary the approaching emergency
vehicle service helps the driver to make
the right decision to assist the
emergency vehicle and avoid hazardous
situations
the road works warning service will
inform traffic about the presence of an
approaching roadworks area the vehicle
is passing a roadside unit the RSU sends
information to the vehicle about the
upcoming road work this enables the
driver to prepare for the road work and
slow down or perhaps turn off at the
nearest exit driving an alternative
route when approaching the roadworks the
service will show to the driver the
distance to the road work on the
in-vehicle HMI the limited access
warning service restricts vehicle access
to specified areas based on regional or
international rules different areas can
be limited for different reasons in some
areas only vehicles that meet certain
environmental restrictions are allowed
to enter in other areas such as tunnels
or low bridges there are dimension
restrictions also vehicles carrying
dangerous goods are not allowed to enter
all areas the limited access warning
service is controlled through a back
office application running in a traffic
management center the traffic manager
can easily create new limited access
areas and customize the rules for
existing areas when a vehicle passes a
roadside unit it is informed about the
presence of restricted areas once the
vehicle approaches one of these areas it
contacts the back office using its
mobile internet connection to download
the rules for the areas if the vehicle
is about to enter the area the vehicle
evaluates the rules based on the
information about the area and the
vehicle to assess if the vehicle is
allowed to access the area the driver
will be informed at access is granted or
denied through the in-vehicle HMI in
this case on the small in vehicle screen
the limited access warning service will
help increase driver awareness about the
limited access areas
it will also help enforce environmental
and safety restrictions on our roads it
makes the work day of our drivers much
more efficient and safe
it's extremely important that the OEMs
collaborate in the area of cooperative
systems that's quite a simple reason for
that and that is that it is absolutely
necessary that the world war truck can
communicate with the Mercedes and open
with a Fiat so OEM need to collaborate
in that area because otherwise this
vision of the co-operative system will
always stay a vision and will not become
reality